Married Xiao Zhou
You have to live a good life.
Take good care of three children
More importantly, take care of yourself
We just got back.
About to get married
Even if I am married
I see you every day
He won't go back to his parents' house every day after getting married
It's not good for the little pig to see it.
He won't make up with him
The matter of the bride price should also be entangled with Lin Sisi
Selfish
Why haven't I seen you with Fuyang recently?
Fuyang has been very busy recently.
He's so busy that you can't even take the initiative to find him?
When I used to miss it
I take the initiative to find Fuyang every time.
It's not that I miss that fake daughter
Excuse me, are you Lin Sisi?
Ah, it's me.
Comrade Lin Sisi
I would like to know something about
The loss of the 3,000 yuan dowry gift of the Lin family
Please cooperate.
Isn't this thing in the past?
Why did the police come to the door?
What do you mean?
You mean my daughter stole money from the Lins?
Oh oh mom
That's not what the police officer meant
He just came to me to find out something
Police comrade
If you want to ask anything, just ask directly.
The day your dowry was stolen
Which classmate are you playing with?
Yang Xiaoxue, I went back to play with Yang Xiaoxue
When did I say you were looking for him?
Ouch, there's been so much going on lately, I remember the difference.
It was Yang Xiaoxue who came to find me
Why are you looking at me like that?
Do you doubt me?
It shouldn't be
I didn't say anything wrong.
Comrade Dauchelin's forehead
If there's anything else, we'll come back
If you remember anything
You can also take the initiative to contact us.
Definitely. Definitely.
If you plug it in like this, it will definitely plug into me
No, I'm going back to the Lins
They have to stop making trouble
Otherwise it will be passed into the additional ear
This thing is going to die